=head1 NAME

Test::Worker::Client - Mock Worker Client Class for Tests

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::Worker::Client;
  Test::Worker::Client->set_test_root_directory;
  {
      Test::Worker::Client->new->insert(
          'Job::Class',
          {
              arg1 => 'value1',
              arg2 => 'value2',
          },
      );
  }
  my $job = Test::Worker::Client->new->get_next_job;
  is_deeply $job->as_testable_hash, {
      class => 'Job::Class',
      arg => {
          arg1 => 'value1',
          arg2 => 'value2',
      },
      run_after => undef,
  };
  $job->completed;

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item Test::Worker::Client->set_test_root_directory

Set worker job directory.  Inserted worker jobs are stored as files in
this directory.

=item $client = Test::Worker::Client->new

Return an instance of the worker client.

=item $job = $client->get_next_job

Return a L<Test::Worker::Client::Job> object if there are
non-completed jobs.

=item $client->execute_job($job)

Execute the given job.

=item $client->get_job_after_complete_jobs_unless($regexp)

Repeat C<< $client->get_next_job->completed >> until the C<<
$job->class >> matches C<$regexp> (or C<< $client->get_next_job >>
returns C<undef>) and then return the next job (which matches
C<$regexp>), if any, or C<undef>.

=item $client->insert(...)

Insert a job.  This method provides API compatible with the real
worker client class.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Test::Worker::Client::Job>, L<WorkerManager::Client::TheSchwartz>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This module was initially developed as part of Ugomemo Hatena project,
then renewed as part of Hatena Message 2010 project.  Following people
contributed the module: mechairoi, motemen, hakobe, shibayu36,
nanto_vi, suzak, hitode909.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010-2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
