=head1 NAME

Test::Worker::Client::Job - Mock Worker Job Object for Tests

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::Worker::Client::Job;
  my $job = Test::Worker::Client::Job->new($f, [
      'Worker::Job::Class',
      {arg1 => value1, ...},
      {run_after => ..., ...},
  ]);

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $job = Test::Worker::Client::Job->new($f, [$class, $args, $options])

Constructs a new instance of the job.  Argument C<$f> is the
L<Path::Class::File> object that represents the job (see also
L<Test::Worker::Client>).  Argument C<$class> is the name of the
worker job.  Argument C<$args> is a hash reference that would be
returned by the C<< $job->arg >> method.  Argument C<$options> is a
hash reference containing job options such as C<run_after> and
C<uniqkey>.

=item $job->class, arg, failures, run_after, uniqkey, priority, completed

These methods provide APIs compatible with the real worker job object.

Invoking the C<completed> method removes the file represented by the
C<< $job->f >> object.

=item $job->f

Returns the L<Path::Class::File> object that represents the job.

=item $obj->is_completed

Returns whether the C<< $job->completed >> method has been invoked or
not.

=item $obj->as_testable_hash

Returns a hash reference, which contains properties such as C<class>
and C<arg>.  The hash reference might be useful to evaluate the result
of the test.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

See L<Test::Worker::Client>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010-2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
